Update how-to-deploy-in-azure-virtual-network.md (#91198)
Azure/azure-content: articles/spring-cloud/how-to-deploy-in-azure-virtual-network.md

## Next steps

* [Deploy Application to Azure Spring Cloud in your VNet](https://github.com/microsoft/vnet-in-azure-spring-cloud/blob/master/02-deploy-application-to-azure-spring-cloud-in-your-vnet.md)

> * [Troubleshooting Azure Spring Cloud in VNET](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/spring-cloud/troubleshooting-vnet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Troubleshooting Azure Spring Cloud in VNET](troubleshooting-vnet.md)

```

> * [Customer Responsibilities for Running Azure Spring Cloud in VNET](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/spring-cloud/vnet-customer-responsibilities)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Customer Responsibilities for Running Azure Spring Cloud in VNET](vnet-customer-responsibilities.md)

```
